https://maps.ixwiki.com/dashboard (Dashboard)
Your Nation box: health indicators (roundels that glow when moused over) should have titles next to the percentage or pop up on mouse-over; possibly link to relevant section?.
Left side bar: Two cycling buttons work correctly, but no outward indication they cycle unless you click on them. Messages button leads to "This page couldn't load" error consistently, Issues section disappears when there are zero issues (it should stay with a zero for consistency)
Main content block: Arrows-based 'change account' right of account name does not function. Swith Account underlined below the box works correctly. Ideally only one of these should exist. Currently, posting under any account brings up a ;do not have permission to post on this account' message.
Left Content Blocks: Trending links to dead-end versions of the wiki pages (includes /projects/ixstats/w/ between site and page name. Assumed this is temporary as part of project.

https://maps.ixwiki.com/countries (Explore)
Filter and sort work correctly; the latter three of the four main selection boxes (Total Pop, Combined GDP, and avg GDP) might benefit from a 'sort by' button by category as well as showing top 5, but generally fine
Individual nation tiles: buttons work, but design-wise would probably be better to have the buttons be ordered differently. Small star button should directly 'follow' that nation, and View should open up the expanded view, since expanded view also has 'view details, follow, message, view diplomacy'.
Viewing another country: works fine, only recommendation would be making Country Actions a different color so it pops more compared to the base UI.

https://maps.ixwiki.com/mycountry (My Country)
Nameplate/Edit bar: Edit button next to 'My Country" above country name leads to 404 instead of MyCountry interface. Roundels - Executive, Diplomacy, Intelligence, and Defense - link to their respective tabs in the Overview, etc. left side bar, but it isn't clear what the numbers refer to - stability? cohesion? power? ranking? Suggest adding one additional word to the mouse over desc. for each to make it clearer what the rating is.
Overview Subsections: Government subtab has an 'open editor' button to the Mycountry interface. Economy and Labor don't, and should have links to their respective sections.
Executive, Diplomacy, Politics subtabs: Number indicators glow when moused over and are visually the most stand-out parts of the page. They should function the same as the 'view details' button beneath each respective section when clicked
'All Issues' popup bar: works appropriately. Response options could be slightly more informative as to the related sector effects (economy, diplomacy) - most of the options are an approval modifier and sometimes a sector name, but it's unclear if there are any statistical changes beyond 'approval' generally or in relation to that area
'Create Policy' popup bar: Type, Category, and Priority fields do nothing when clicked (may just not have data input yet). Draft saves, but clicking it in the Drafts section of 'All Policies' popup doesn't open it up.\
'Schedule Meeting' Popup bar: add item Advanced Options item type dropdown menu does not work or has no data
'Establish New Embassy' works fine
Embassy Cards: Upgrade button appears to do nothing, Host and Guest country data appears as alphanumerical gibberish (id?). No indication of how to improve Performance metrics (possibly tooltip it)
'Foreign Policy' popup: drop-down field ' select partner' doesn't work
'Propose foreign policy' drop-down fields don't work.
'Create New Alliance' popup: drop-down fields don't work/lack data; confirm button doesn't appear to do anything when popup closes
'Elections' popup: Sechedule Election button doesn't have a date selection option (may be intended?), Election type and Candidate party drop-downs don't work/have data
'Legislature' popup: Total Seats field autocorrects to 1000 when inputing custom seats numbers, Chambers, System, and Cycle drop-downs don't work
'Political parties' popup: drop down menus don't work

https://maps.ixwiki.com/thinkpages
Accounts don't have an option to be switched across categories (likely should go in Thinkpages account settings) - import from discord worked, but everything is counted as a Media outlet currently, so necessitates remaking them if they can't be moved

maps.ixwiki.com/maps

Top bar: 
minor lag on map layers
when clicking through layers quickly, climate zones became permanently on
page reload fixed it
Climate Zones layer does not disappear when turned off, inc. after other settings change as normal over/under it
Climate zones layer is also the longest load time, 1-2 seconds typically
Venceia - does not disappear when Cities/PoIs turned off
mouse over of regions layer works fine, selection going to country right now but assume that's intended atm
Analytics: all appear to work when data is on that layer as expected

Center top bar: clock and calendar button cycles fine
Search bar: works for countries on the map, not wiki articles alone (assumed this is intended)
search does not work for custom labels (see: all the words on Daxia)
x to return from search bar back to topbar menu works fine
settings: themes and projection seem to work fine in all combinations, no effect on previous setting changes

discord sign in works as normal; login takes me to dashboard hub page
Ix logo on center bar: takes back to ixmaps

MAP EDITOR:
Placing a city: linking works if the page exists and uses the settlement
Placing a city: linking works in most cases, some pages do not like showing up
When trying to place a capital city, it does not like to confirm and move onto the next city
double click to finish polygon message appears in lower middle, missed it - Save button does not work on region maker but does work with double clicking, so a user UI issue, not a functionality one
all layer views appear to work
Capital took several minutes to appear in List tab, rather than appearing when it was saved. After saving, did not auto-clear fields for next city.
List trab: edit and delet buttonds don't work? clicking item names moves camera to them or moves to edit box, either or
The first time you click back to 'select' from adding an item, clicking on an item in List opens the editign firld up instead of moving the camera to it
clicking an element in the List tab while the left bar is on anything other than selectg appears to open the edit field
okay, edit button sometimes works
edit button works when not on the select tab
wiki scan works
rivers button works
mountains button does not work
grid works
center on country worksa
cancel button exits out of data entry section correctly





